UMPSA International Student Admission Guide

Website: https://admission.umpsa.edu.my/undergraduate/international-student-2

The place to unleash the forces of ENGINEERING, SCIENCES, COMPUTING AND MANAGEMENT within you!

Intake Schedule:
- September Intake: Closing date in July
- February Intake: Closing date in December

PERSONAL BOND:
All Fees and other charges are liable to review and change without prior notice and are subjected to the University. Payment should be made by cash to UNIVERSITI MALAYSIA PAHANG in MYR.
Personal Bond of MYR 1,500.00 is charged to each international student. The personal bond is a refundable deposit which will be returned (without interest) either in full or partial upon completion of the program of study, subject to any claims that may arise from breach of University/Malaysian Laws and Regulations.

IMMIGRATION AND VISA:
According to the rules and regulations of the Malaysian Immigration Department, all international students are required to have a valid Student Pass in order to study in Malaysia. For students abroad who have received an offer letter from UMPSA, you have to apply for student visa (Visa Approval Letter) directly through the Education Malaysia website.

Contact for Visa:
Centre for International Studies
Universiti Malaysia Pahang Al-Sultan Abdullah
(ATT: VISA UNIT)
Tel: +609 431 6060 / 6045 / 6061
Email: visa@umpsa.edu.my

HEALTH DECLARATION:
Students have to complete the UMP Health Examination Form attached with the offer letter. This is to certify that students are in good health condition to accept the offer and free from contagious/infectious diseases or illnesses that will adversely affect study.

The university has the right to WITHDRAW the offer or terminate candidates from their study if they are found to suffer from or to be a carrier of such diseases, or to suffer from a medical condition requiring continuous medical care that will adversely affect their study at UMPSA.

PREPARATORY INTENSIVE ENGLISH (PIE):
The Preparatory Intensive English (PIE) programme is a crash course for students to equip themselves with English skills before embarking on their specialised undergraduate courses.
